Sunspots are regions in the solar photosphere which have reduced temperature compared with their surroundings, making them appear dark when viewed in white light. A sunspot group typically consists of one or more compact spots. I used the daily records of sunspot groups from the last 150 years. The Royal Greenwich Observatory (RGO) accomplished daily observations between 1874 and 1976 and presented as Greenwich Photo-heliographic Results (GPR). The US Nation Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) took over this work from RGO after 1976. In order to examine the temporal evolution of sunspot groups I only included data (i) when there were minimum 10 measurements of the sunspot group area, (ii) when at least two days of observations are available preventing and following the date of maximum area for a group’s disk passage, (iii) when the projected area of the sunspot group is larger than zero and (iv) when the sunspot group identification number belonges to one sunspot group. This leaves data for over 8500 measurements. The variation of the sunspot groups’ area was approximated with the skew normal distribution and I examined the relationship between the paramters of the distribution. The parameters of the best fit model were determined with the Marcov-Chain Monte Carlo method. The results show that the value of the n parameter, that indicates the asymmetry of the evolution of sunspot groups, is zero or around zero in the most cases, i. e. the evolution is nearly symmetric. In the case of asymmetric evolution, the majority of the n values are positive, i.e. the tail on the decay side is longer than on the growth side. The examination of the temporal variation of the n parameter shows that there is no preferred period or location of appearance, where the symmetric evolution is more frequent. The examination of the maximum sunspot group areas indicate that the sunspot groups with large maximum area occur rarely, and their evolution is nearly symmetric. In contrast, small and medium sized sunspot groups occur more frequently and they can show more asymmetric evolution. 